Hi, I'm Emily and I'm going to be your instructor for
this part of the AI Nanodegree in Health Care.
We're going to be focusing on 2D medical imaging, specifically.
I have about a decade of experience working with 2D imaging as well as 3D imaging,
both from the academic and the industry sides.
I did my PhD in a program between
Harvard Medical School and MIT called Health Sciences and Technology,
and my research dissertation focused on neuroimaging,
specifically of the aging human brain and of Alzheimer's disease.
After that, I left academia.
I went to industry,
and I spent several years working at different companies,
both focused in medical imaging.
One was a tiny startup,
and another was a giant technology company breaking into the health care space.
In both of those roles,
I was a data scientist creating algorithms for both 3D and 2D medical imaging.
In both of those experiences,
I got to help bring my tools from bench to bedside
through the FDA 5 10 K regulatory process.
One other personal reason why I think imaging is so cool,
is that I'm currently eight months pregnant and
medical imaging lets me see pictures of my baby.
I'm really excited to do this course with you guys,
and I hope you enjoy it.